♪ I'm lost and I'm looking
For my baby ♪
♪ Wonder why my baby ♪
♪ Can't be found ♪
♪ I'm lost ♪
♪ And I'm looking for my baby ♪
♪ Lord knows my baby
Ain't around ♪
♪ So I'm lost ♪
♪ And I'm calling
For my baby ♪
♪ Baby. won't you
Please come home ♪
♪ I'm lost ♪
♪ And I'm calling for my baby ♪
- Sorry. Sorry. excuse me.
- ♪ I need you 'cause I'm ♪
I'll give you a hand.
♪ So alone ♪
Thanks. It's...
It's my first time out
with him. I'm a mess. sorry.
That's all right.
Y-You're doing fine.
- Hey!
- Just get out the way!
- Jesus Christ!
- What the fuck!
Easy. pal. Weirdo.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hi. this is Sam Nelson.
Leave a message
and I'll get back to you.
Sam. it's Olivia again.
You're still good
for this 10 o'clock
with the man from
the Federal Office of Justice?
I'm sorry to keep chasing.
I just...
I haven't heard from you
since you landed.
Anyway. um.
presumably you're on your way.
Move!
Get out of the way!
The next U5
is in three minutes.
Go. go. go!
Let's go!
Hey!
Hey.
Coming up with us?
I'm on a different shift.
Your ID?
Okay. Be safe.
Okay.
Hey!
Knight Rider.
A shadowy flight
into the dangerous world
of a man who does not exist.
Sam?
Sam Nelson?
Yeah.
Mei Tan.
Uh. there's no way
you'd remember me.
Singapore.
I was the intern
on the AmBank deal.
Mostly I did
the coffee runs for
the all-nighters.
- Doppio espresso.
- Yes. Yes.
I remember.
You were so impressive.
You not coming?
Sam?
I...
- Actually.
I wanna get on further down.
- Uh...
♪ I hold my head up
Just enough to see the sky ♪
♪ And when we go
We won't go slow ♪
♪ We'll put up such a fight ♪
♪ And you will be one day
Exactly what you are ♪
♪ Just keep your head
Held high ♪
♪ Kiss your fist
And touch the sky ♪
♪ Too late to keep
The world from dying ♪
♪ One day ♪
♪ Whoo ♪
♪ We'll all be there ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah
Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
Ciao. ciao.
- Okay.
- Max.
Hmm?
Passengers please be aware.
we've been advised
to reduce our speed.
So. today's journey
may take longer than expected.
What's your day like?
Lost passport?
Ambassador's parking tickets?
No. I've got...
Sam Nelson.
Oh. that got shunted down
to you. did it?
He's been bugging us
for months.
Well. he's in Berlin.
- You've invited him in?
- Yeah.
We're sitting down with someone
from the Federal Office
of Justice.
Thought I saw Arnold Goth
in the lobby.
Good luck with that.
Germany not always
as efficient as advertised.
So. what are you doing
in Berlin?
I'm...
just here for a meeting.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Uh. the Commerzbank merger?
Ah. You can't say.
Client confidentiality.
Totally get it.
Um. I don't mean to pry.
I saw the piece in the FT.
The Kingdom hijacking...
The inquest.
You've been through a lot.
Hey. I-I get it.
I'd be a mess.
I mean.
I've never been through that.
but. you know. other stuff.
Bad breakup.
Such a bastard.
Control. alt.
deleted my life.
Now. I'm here.
Marsha Nelson?
Marsha Smith-Nelson.
- How-How did you...
- Oh.
Got sent these by mistake.
He called it.
Made us walk
all the way over here.
You staying the week?
Just a few days.
Taste of the solitary life?
It's lucky I found you. eh?
Or not.
- Thanks for making the trip up.
- It's no bother.
Is it your birthday?
Or Valentine's?
No. It's. um...
It's an anniversary.
So busy today.
Ironically. my agency
worked on a campaign to get
more people to use the U-Bahn.
What about you?
What's your profession?
Let me guess.
NGO?
Humanitarian aid?
Right? No.
You got me.
I'm a volunteer medic.
I knew it.
Yes. Nice.
Cool ink by the way.
Oh.
Yes...
It's just a reminder
of my wayward youth.
Oh. that's sweet.
Give him some change.
- Or a pill.
- Fran.
- Jesus.
- Sorry.
People say Berlin's not cheap.
but honestly.
I think you get
so much more space
for your rent.
Where you heading?
Oh. I'm like two more stops.
Sorry. Excuse me.
Excuse me. Sorry.
Sorry.
Please. Coming through.
I shouldn't have
mentioned the personal stuff.
I just want to talk
to you because...
- Sorry. Mind out the way.
- ...I could really use a break.
If there's any way
I could pick your brains.
or. and this is me leaning in.
- but if you ever have any openings...
- Uh...
Se-Send me your résumé.
Amazing.
Wait. I don't have
your e-mail...
Lukas. over here.
Oi! Oi. oi. oi!
Slow down. Slow down.
- Go ahead.
- Okay.
That's my lot. Rebecca! Oi!
Be part of the solution.
not the pollution.
Pick it up. Now.
Did you see...
Looks like
you've got them under control.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
What time's the museum open?
Ten. But at half past.
the queue's gonna be
a mile long. So...
And in this weather...
Please. You Brits.
you love to queue
just as much as you like to
complain about the weather.
It's cozy. Come on.
You all right?
George. what's going on?
S-Sir. couldn't we just walk?
We're on that train
for three stops.
You can practically
hold your breath. Come on.
Hey.
- come on.
- Can we just...
Yes. kids. this is us.
Come on. come on. come on.
Go. go. go. go. go.
Stay in pairs. Let's go.
One. two. three. four.
five. six. seven...
Slow. slow. slow.
Eight. nine. ten. eleven.
twelve. thirteen.
fourteen. fifteen...
Hey. what's up?
Is it the train?
- What's going on?
- Sir. I can't.
I think you can. George.
Come on.
Sir. can you just wait
for a second?
George. can you step on. please?
Just get on the train.
Just get in. please.
- Oh. shit.
- That is so embarrassing.
- Girls. please.
- Piss off. Rebecca.
- You all right?
- Yeah. fine.
Just George fretting as usual.
Come on. let's go.
Sir. I ran out of data.
What do I do?
I don't know.
Talk to each other.
God forbid
you practice any German.
This is a total nightmare.
You speak English.
yeah? Yeah.
Yeah. I thought so.
Let's not try
anything stupid. yeah?
Hey. mate.
Excuse me.
You all right?
I know what you're doing.
- You got something in the backpack. yeah?
- Fuck off.
- Something in the bag?
- Yes. Fuck off!
- What? What's in the bag?
- Don't fucking touch me. man.
- Just relax. I mean...
- Is there a problem?
None of your business.
You might just wanna
check this guy out.
he's acting weird.
- The guy with the backpack?
- Yeah. him with the backpack.
This guy?
Hey. watch it.
Hang on. Jesus Christ.
Out of the way. please.
Hey. I'm talking to you.
Stop walking away.
Why? I've done nothing wrong.
But could you show us
your ticket. please?
Are you stopping me
because I don't have a ticket.
or are you stopping me
because I'm brown?
What's in your rucksack?
Fuck you.
We need you to calm down. yeah?
We are very calm.
So. please tell us
what's inside?
Girls. phones! Please.
Shit. I knew
I should've topped up.
- What's in the bag?
- Man. this is bullshit.
I'm just trying to
talk to you.
You're making a mistake. okay?
- We are a bit concerned.
- I've done nothing wrong.
Sir. we just want to know
what's in your bag.
You don't need to know
what's in my bag.
Just leave me alone.
Okay.
- Sir. just step off the train.
- I'm not getting off.
Step off onto the platform.
- You've got this all wrong. okay?
- Now. All right?
- Just drop the bag.
- Fuck you.
- Oh. my God.
- Calm down.
He didn't
even do anything.
Get the fuck off me!
- You've got this all wrong.
- Calm down.
Stop resisting.
You'll be okay. Stop.
Please. I've done nothing wrong!
Remove the bag. Very slowly.
Slowly. Slowly.
I'm sorry about
this misunderstanding.
Did that guy
even do anything?
Nah. Police were totally
racially profiling him.
They're not
the only ones.
Okay.
It's me.
I can't do this.
Call me back.
[speaks German.
then English] Fuck!
Dear passengers.
this train will be held here
for a few more minutes.
Passengers can choose
to disembark here
to continue their journey.
I think we should get off here.
George doesn't look so good.
It was hard enough
getting him on the train.
Let's wait. Just a bit.
Nothing like a bit of drama
to start the week. huh?
Uh. excuse me.
I saw the driver got off.
Is everything okay?
Driver's good. No problem here.
He didn't look okay
when I saw him.
Maybe you can.
I don't know. check on him?
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Otto?
I'm sure Sam
has a good reason
for not being here.
Look. I get it.
You're new here. You want
to make a good impression.
But is this meeting
really necessary?
And if so.
where exactly is Mr. Nelson?
Sam really wanted you
to see this.
What am I looking at?
CCTV footage from
Hamburg Border Control.
- How did you get hold of this?
- Just look at it.
Sam thinks this
is the man he's after.
The man responsible
for the Kingdom hijacking.
Copy.
Guys. let's go.
Come on. Hello.
All right.
Next one is us.
Get up. Pick your bags.
Don't forget anything.
We're not coming back.
- Press the button. Press the button.
- What do you think I'm doing?
- Can you... Can you just...
- George. we already tried that.
- Sir. the door won't open.
- Sir.
- Sir. it's not opening. Sir!
- Sir. the door's not opening.
Hey!
Sir. that was our stop.
It's all good.
We get off the next one.
Back to your seats.
Please. careful. Rebecca.
Just sit back down.
George.
You good?
So. next one is us then. yeah?
All right. now.
Sit back down!
I said. "Sit back down."
I don't know. We'll find out.
I need to get... get by.
please? Thank you.
- Give the man some space.
- Come on. wake up. guys.
I can't do this.
Sir? Sir.
George is freaking out.
- Colin?
- Yeah. I'm trying.
George. George. no!
- Leave the alarm. What are you doing?
- I wanna leave.
George. what are you doing?
- Look at me.
- It hasn't stopped.
Why won't it stop?
Open the door.
Open the door. for fuck's sake!
What the hell
are you doing? You're going
too fast. Slow down.
Slow down. Hey!
Slow down! Hey! What the...
You all right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Yeah?
You okay? Yeah?
Why were you driving so fast?
You don't understand.
There's something going on.
- I know.
- I don't...
I don't want to
do this anymore.
Hey!
You can't leave.
But we have to get help.
There were police on the train.
- I wanted to...
- I know. I took care of the police.
Wait. How did you get in here?
You're Otto. right?
Who are you?
Otto. listen to me.
I'm hijacking this train.
♪ You're a long way from home ♪
♪ You can't sleep at night ♪
♪ Grab your telephone ♪
♪ Somethin' ain't right ♪
♪ That's evil ♪
♪ Evil is goin' on ♪
♪ Well. I'm just
Warnin' you. brother ♪
♪ You better
Watch your happy home ♪
♪ Long way from home ♪
♪ Can't sleep at all ♪
♪ Feels like another
Mule's kickin'
In your stall ♪
♪ Well. that's evil ♪
♪ Evil is goin' on ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm